# Social Media Standards
> At Piedmont International University, we recognize that social media sites (Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, etc.) have become of great importance in communication channels. Piedmont International University uses social media sites in order to further PIU’s goals, mission and programs, including university news, marketing, branding and content.   

## Rationale
This policy ensures consistency, quality messaging, and appropriate us of approved/official Piedmont International University social media accounts for promotion and information at Piedmont International University.

## Procedures
When using approved/official PIU social media accounts identified with Piedmont International University, it is crucial that community members realize that they are representing Piedmont International University to a watching world, at all times. In order to assist in posting content and managing these accounts, Piedmont International University offers the following policies and guidelines for use of official social media accounts. These policies and guidelines should not restrict
personal presence on the web or the employees’ right to engage in activity related to the terms and conditions of their employment. These policies and guidelines apply to all PIU members using approved/official PIU social media.

1. Approval of Official PIU Social Media Accounts: Employees who wish to start approved/official Piedmont International University social media accounts and speak on behalf of Piedmont International University through social media accounts must get permission from their department head and the Marketing and Communication Department prior to creating a social media account. Once permission is received, the Marketing and Communication Department should be contacted to discuss confidentiality, privacy, FERPA and web accessibility issues. 
2. Piedmont International University Web Standards: PIU Web Standards policy and procedure regarding contact information, accuracy, confidential information, advertising/sponsorship, copyright, usage of Piedmont International University’s name, and spelling/grammar, apply equally to Piedmont International University social media channels. Contact the Marketing and Communication Department for help.
3. Piedmont International University News Announcements: Piedmont International University Public Relations and News Media policy and procedure regarding news releases, media advisories, and campus announcements, apply equally to Piedmont International University social media accounts. Contact the Director of Media Relations in the Marketing and Communication Department for assistance. 
4. Piedmont International University Name, Seal and Logos (Branding): PIU’s name, seal and logos policy and procedure applied to all official Piedmont International University social media accounts. Social media accounts provide varying degrees of flexibility in allowing account managers to style pages. For PIU logo usage and branding standards, refer to the Piedmont International Brand Standards Guide. Contact the Marketing and Communication for assistance.
5. Video: All video must be approved by the Marketing and Communication Department prior to posting on approved/official PIU social media accounts. 
6. Social Media Dialogue: Social media sites promote commenting and online dialogue, which is meant to be informal. Despite this informality, all online dialogue is public; anything that is written can and will be viewed by current and future PIU community members as well as colleagues and possible future employees. 
7. Social Media Templates: The Marketing and Communication Department has created templates for PIU social media accounts. These templates are available by request of the Marketing and Communication Department. Approved PIU social media accounts must use approved profile pictures/avatars and background images, or request approval of alternative images from the Marketing and Communication Department. This policy ensures that PIU’s social media presence is consistent across all platforms and maintains a professional appearance. When engaging in dialogue on official Piedmont International University social media accounts: 

	* Remember that your statements and responses represent Piedmont International University to a watching world.
	* Refrain from discussing or expressing opinions regarding Piedmont International University’s policies, operations, or personnel. Such comments will be removed at Piedmont International University’s discretion.
	* Exercise discretion, respect and thoughtfulness toward all participants in dialogue. 
	* Maintain a professional tone and use of language. 
	* Confidential Piedmont International University information or similar information of third parties, shared on Piedmont International University’s behalf, must not be shared publicly on official Piedmont International University social media accounts
	* Official Piedmont International University social media accounts may choose to post university-related social media content generated by PIU community members, including faculty, staff and/or students. Official Piedmont International University social media accounts can be accessed online.

