# Name, Seal, and Logos
It is the policy of Piedmont International University that the development and application of Piedmont International University’s brand standards are determined by the Marketing and Communications Department as approved by the office of the President.

## Procedures
All Piedmont International University community members are required to use Piedmont International University logos, publication guidelines and graphics standards as outlined in the PIU Brand Standards Style Guide.

Piedmont International University’s name, seal, and logo are the official emblems of PIU and are only to be used for official Piedmont International University purposes. The Piedmont International University seal is reserved for use by the President’s Office and is to appear only on official documents, high-end merchandise, commencement and other communications at the discretion of the President or the President’s designee.

Piedmont International University logos, along with accepted variations, are the primary graphic marks for Piedmont International University. The logos are designed to promote Piedmont International University’s visual identity and brand and are to be used on all internal and external printed and electronic materials representing Piedmont International University. While the logos must be used by all Piedmont International University divisions, schools, departments and programs, on all internal and external printed and electronic materials representing Piedmont International University (including letterhead, business cards, reports, magazines, newsletters, presentations, web pages, and temporary and permanent signage), the logos are not to be modified by changing the font, proportions, color or other design alterations. Piedmont International University logo use is not permitted in publications and displays that are not under the official sponsorship of Piedmont International University. Questions regarding the use of Piedmont International University logos in publications or displays should be addressed to the Director of Media Relations in the Marketing and Communications Department.

Commercial use of Piedmont International University’s name, seal or logos is prohibited except in those instances expressly authorized by Piedmont International University’s Marketing and Communications Department. Anyone interested in becoming licensed vendors are asked to meet with the Director of Media Relations.
1. All branded Piedmont International University items that are being sold must be ordered through a licensed vendor. Licensed vendors have access to official art files and have a streamlined approval process to ensure that the product has been reviewed and approved.
2. It is strongly recommended that items not being sold also be ordered through licensed vendors because of their familiarity with PIU’s brand standards. Unlicensed vendors may be used only with written approval from the Director of Media Relations. An approved proof is required prior to production by an unlicensed vendor.