# Social Media Standards
> At Carolina University, we recognize that social media sites (Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, etc.) have become of great importance in communication channels. Carolina University uses social media sites in order to further CU’s goals, mission and programs, including university news, marketing, branding and content.   

## Rationale
This policy ensures consistency, quality messaging, and appropriate us of approved/official Carolina University social media accounts for promotion and information at Carolina University.

## Procedures
When using approved/official CU social media accounts identified with Carolina University, it is crucial that community members realize that they are representing Carolina University to a watching world, at all times. In order to assist in posting content and managing these accounts, Carolina University offers the following policies and guidelines for use of official social media accounts. These policies and guidelines should not restrict
personal presence on the web or the employees’ right to engage in activity related to the terms and conditions of their employment. These policies and guidelines apply to all CU members using approved/official CU social media.

1. Approval of Official CU Social Media Accounts: Employees who wish to start approved/official Carolina University social media accounts and speak on behalf of Carolina University through social media accounts must get permission from their department head and the Marketing and Communication Department prior to creating a social media account. Once permission is received, the Marketing and Communication Department should be contacted to discuss confidentiality, privacy, FERPA and web accessibility issues. 
2. Carolina University Web Standards: CU Web Standards policy and procedure regarding contact information, accuracy, confidential information, advertising/sponsorship, copyright, usage of Carolina University’s name, and spelling/grammar, apply equally to Carolina University social media channels. Contact the Marketing and Communication Department for help.
3. Carolina University News Announcements: Carolina University Public Relations and News Media policy and procedure regarding news releases, media advisories, and campus announcements, apply equally to Carolina University social media accounts. Contact the Director of Media Relations in the Marketing and Communication Department for assistance. 
4. Carolina University Name, Seal and Logos (Branding): CU’s name, seal and logos policy and procedure applied to all official Carolina University social media accounts. Social media accounts provide varying degrees of flexibility in allowing account managers to style pages. For CU logo usage and branding standards, refer to the Carolina Brand Standards Guide. Contact the Marketing and Communication for assistance.
5. Video: All video must be approved by the Marketing and Communication Department prior to posting on approved/official CU social media accounts. 
6. Social Media Dialogue: Social media sites promote commenting and online dialogue, which is meant to be informal. Despite this informality, all online dialogue is public; anything that is written can and will be viewed by current and future CU community members as well as colleagues and possible future employees. 
7. Social Media Templates: The Marketing and Communication Department has created templates for CU social media accounts. These templates are available by request of the Marketing and Communication Department. Approved CU social media accounts must use approved profile pictures/avatars and background images, or request approval of alternative images from the Marketing and Communication Department. This policy ensures that CU’s social media presence is consistent across all platforms and maintains a professional appearance. When engaging in dialogue on official Carolina University social media accounts: 

	* Remember that your statements and responses represent Carolina University to a watching world.
	* Refrain from discussing or expressing opinions regarding Carolina University’s policies, operations, or personnel. Such comments will be removed at Carolina University’s discretion.
	* Exercise discretion, respect and thoughtfulness toward all participants in dialogue. 
	* Maintain a professional tone and use of language. 
	* Confidential Carolina University information or similar information of third parties, shared on Carolina University’s behalf, must not be shared publicly on official Carolina University social media accounts
	* Official Carolina University social media accounts may choose to post university-related social media content generated by CU community members, including faculty, staff and/or students. Official Carolina University social media accounts can be accessed online.

