# Video & Photo Production
> To ensure that video productions coordinate with university-wide marketing efforts, contribute positively to CU’s brand image, prevent inconsistent messaging or duplication of materials and meet the highest production standards in a cost-effective way, production of promotional videos will be coordinated through and approved by the Marketing and Communication Department. This includes video productions intended for public presentations, broadcast or online use, and CU marketing and promotional photography. All work produced for this purpose will become the permanent property of CU and will be considered copyrighted Carolina University materials.  

## Rationale
This policy guarantees that Carolina University video productions and photography coordinate with all university-wide marketing efforts; contribute positively to CU’s brand image; prevent inconsistent messaging or duplication of materials, and meet the highest production standards in a cost-effective way. This policy does not apply to Carolina University student projects or creative videos and photos produced by faculty (both of which are not created for CU marketing purposes), although it is always preferable to have all CU productions reflect the institution’s identity and standards. This policy also does not apply to network, cable or local television news videos or photography, or other media covering Carolina University.

## Policy Procedures
The Director of Media Relations in the Marketing and Communication Department will review the goals and scripts of proposed video and all CU marketing and promotional photography, created by a Marketing and Communication Department staff member, CU community member, or freelance photographer. Video rough cuts will be reviewed before approval is granted.

All Marketing and Communication Department approved photos taken by CU Marketing and Communication Department staff or Carolina University community members will be provided, digitally, in their original form and in an uncompressed size and format with a minimum resolution of 300 dpi, to the Marketing and Communication Department to be included in CU’s official digital/print photography library.

The Marketing and Communication Department works closely with on and off campus video production resources to produce promotional and informational videos. When appropriate, the Director of Media Relations will refer members of the CU community to outside vendors to produce a video. All approved Carolina University video productions are required to use Carolina University logos and graphics standards. Any requests by an outside movie or video production company to film on Carolina University property will be referred to the Marketing and Communication Department for consideration and approval.

*Please note: The use of copyrighted music in any Carolina University video, including video produced for distribution on the internet or broadcast television, is prohibited. The Marketing and Communication Department subscribes to an extensive production music library for the purpose of providing music for Carolina University videos. There are several sources for royalty-free music online through sites like YouTube. Please contact the Director of Media Relations for assistance.*